then we could go function
forever.
This is the common throughout all of Gear
Works that runs every
frame.
Keyboard.include
and you can
go move
layer.move
actually speed would be great.
Speed
I'll set this to like to 2
player.speed that is 0
so that this will run whenever the right
key is touched and then you just copy
that over change the input
and then
Negative player speed
zero player
dot speed
so now this will create a
infuriating me why do I have it
anyway this will that's also
infuriating a little bit and then we just
go play Let's go out
one. Player
dot render.
OK, you see.
Keyboard dot include is not a
function. Wait, let me
see if that includes.
OK, I'm just stupid and can't--
oh.
Ohh
W, S. And
I also forgot to add
draw.background white. Which I always
forget to add these things. It's
weird. So now you
can think-- speed is low
eh five.
You know, just like a little thing. Okay,
this is great. You have an object that
represents the player!